Update README.md (#41)
ianhi/mpl-interactions: README.md

# mpl-interactions

> [![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/mpl-interactions/badge/?version=latest)](https://mpl-interactions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ianhi/mpl-interactions/master?urlpath=lab) (Warning: binder launch will be laggy)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/mpl-interactions/badge/?version=latest)](https://mpl-interactions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)[![Binder](https://mybinder.org/badge_logo.svg)](https://mybinder.org/v2/gh/ianhi/mpl-interactions/master?urlpath=lab) 

(Warning: The interactions will be laggy when on binder )
```

Also, if you haven't already and are curious to try the library yourself then binder is a good way to do that.
1. Once it launches use the filebrowser on the left to bavigate to the examples directory
2. I'd recommend `interactive_plot-examples` - double click to open
3. click in the first code block and press `shift-enter` to start running the contents of cells.

interactive_plot(f, x=x, beta=beta)
```

> Except for `%matplotlib inline` this will work with any backend. But, if you want to have the best performance and UX in a notebook, you should try to use these with `%matplotlib ipympl` which uses the Matplotlib jupyter extension [ipympl](https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl).

Reviewer: It would be cool if we could find a way to emphasize ipympl more. This library is really designed to work with that backend, to the point that for a while I had named it `ipympl-interactions`. Maybe just swapping the ordering would accomplish that. Something like:
```suggestion
These functions are designed to be used with the [ipympl](https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl), the backend that is designed for use in Jupyter notebooks. So for optimal performance make sure you set the backend with `%matplotlib ipympl`. However, these functions will also work with any interactive backend (e.g. `%matplotlib qt5`).
```

conda install -c conda-forge nodejs>10
jupyter labextension install @jupyter-widgets/jupyterlab-manager
```
If you use jupyterlab, make sure you follow the full instructions in the ipympl [readme](https://github.com/matplotlib/ipympl#install-the-jupyterlab-extension) in particular installing jupyterlab-manager.
## Contributing / feature requests / roadmap

I use the GitHub [issues](https://github.com/ianhi/mpl-interactions/issues) to keep track of ideas I have, so looking through those should serve as a roadmap of sorts. For the most part I add to the library when I create a function that is useful for the science I am doing. If you create something that seems useful a PR would be most welcome so we can share it easily with more people. I'm also open to feature requests if you have an idea.

## Documentation

> Definitely a work in progress--I would recommend checking out the [examples directory](https://mpl-interactions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Definitely a work in progress--I would recommend checking out the [examples directory](https://github.com/ianhi/mpl-interactions/tree/master/examples). The minimal narrative documentation can be found on [ReadTheDocs](https://mpl-interactions.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)
```
